Wow you made this some girl gave it to
me to give to them and then they
canceled the show yeah I know somebody
their tours with them with the fans
homes
her name's Vienna she's helping us out
that's not your real name though you
guys just keep multiplying
you with them what here at the band -
right
oh yeah
you get accepted you're invited
every time I see you I just get pulled
in my sting
I don't think you should get next myself
you understand
you know we're almost broke right yeah I
heard something under old guy has all
your money things are gonna change
around here yeah
[Music]
we have to behave like a band of how
he's supposed to travel 2500 miles for
days I say you talk to me I'm not a wolf
my big bad wolf
[Music]
a lot of people here what you out she
has to go how hard I work
keep this stand on its seat you know
what I have to do I got a crazy kid on
my hands that's too much I get better
lock your doors tonight
[Music]
the devil's out
how do you do it
very survival space
you